# Frame Extractor

## Overview
The extractor program is a C++ program that takes in as input a pgm image and outputs a series of images that are frames of a video which shows the motion of a frame of a specified size across the provided image. 

The application is composed of a number of files:
- **useful_structs.h** contains all the structs used in the program
- **image.h** contains the structure of the Image class that is used to store the image
- **image.cpp** contains the implementation of the Image class
- **frame_sequence.h** contains the structure of the FrameSequence class which is used to store all the generated frames
- **frame_sequence.cpp** contains the implementation of the FrameSequence class
- **helpers.h** declares all the functions that are not bound to any class that are used by the extractor
- **helpers.cpp** implements the functions in the helpers.h file.
- **extractor.cpp** contains the main method of the extractor app.

The other files in the repo:
- **Makefile** is used for compiling the application and testing
- **frametester_updated.sh** is used to compile all the images generated by the application into a video.


## Usage
- run `make` on the terminal to compile the application.
- run `./frametester_updated.sh` on the terminal to compile the frames into a video. The file must have execute permissions in order to 
run and ffmpeg installed. The videos are saved into a folder called "GENERATED_VIDEOS". All the generated frames are deleted. This 
application only works on unix or unix-like systems.
